Simplify short form CoC (#998)
writethedocs/www: docs/code-of-conduct-shortform-meetups.rst

Code of Conduct (Meetups)
=========================

> Write the Docs is dedicated to providing a safe, inclusive, welcoming, and harassment-free space and experience for all community participants, regardless of gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, socioeconomic status, body size, ethnicity, nationality, level of experience, age, religion (or lack thereof), or other identity markers. 

Reviewer: Is there a reason that this list of categories is different from https://www.writethedocs.org/code-of-conduct/ ?

The one we use there is:
> race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, color, immigration status, social and economic class, educational level, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, size, family status, religion, and mental and physical ability.

Reviewer 2: These should probably be standardized.  Maybe even an include?

> Our Code of Conduct exists because of that dedication, and we do not tolerate harassment in any form. See our reporting guidelines `here <../code-of-conduct/#reporting-and-contact-information>`_. Our full Code of Conduct can be found at `this link <../code-of-conduct>`_.

Reviewer 3: This might be a little confusing for people using accessibility tooling, because "here" and "this link" aren't very specific link names. Instead, could we make the links descriptive like: 

> Our Code of Conduct exists because of that dedication, and we do not tolerate harassment in any form. For more information, see our `reporting guidelines <../code-of-conduct/#reporting-and-contact-information>`_ or full `Code of Conduct <../code-of-conduct>` _.

If you're a meetup leader, when possible, include the following excerpt in your opening remarks:

> **"We are dedicated to providing a safe, inclusive, welcoming, and harassment-free space and experience for all community participants."**

Reviewer: Can we add a suggestion for organisers to make the people that can be spoken to in case of an incident visible? As in, have them stand up, or visible near the front and pointed out? And/or mention that people can email conduct@writethedocs.org ?

So that "we are dedicated to provide a good experience" is followed up by "and here's what you can do if you don't have a good experience".

Author: While I'd rather avoid two CoCs for meetups, this makes me wonder. While your suggestion IMO is good at larger meetups, I don't think this is practical at the "coffee klatch" style meetup, where there are no slides or even a "front" of the meetup.

Author: I do include the conduct@writethedocs.org address elsewhere.

Reviewer 4: It seems to me that this sort of thing is best left up to a meetup organizer. As Mike points out, there's a wide range of meetup forms in practice. The discussion up to this point has also been about the responsibilities of a meetup organizer. Surely we can trust organizers to figure out how best to promote the CoC? And the reporting of incidents?

> Otherwise, include a link in the Meetup notice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you cannot include that excerpt, make sure you include a link in the meetup notice, and consider printing hard copies with contact details in the venue. 
```

Reviewer 2: Todo: add that link

> If you include this excerpt in a slide, include a link to the short form CoC.

Reviewer 2: And instead of this line, it would be more clear to include the link in the excerpt.

Author: I've used @MaggieFero 's suggestion w/r/t links and accessibility.

> If you include this excerpt in a slide, include `this link <../code-of-conduct-shortform-meetups/>`_ to the Meetup short form CoC.

Reviewer 3: This could be confusing to people using accessibility tooling. We could make the link name more descriptive by moving it like 

> If you include this excerpt in a slide, include a link to the `Meetup short form CoC <../code-of-conduct-shortform-meetups/>`_ .
